I'm going to show the generators running
pretty much everything as a TV there
another light in the bathroom little
night Monty room living room
running that lamp that lamp
very Mason
running the TV and that light I guess we
got that one off
that night on the TV fireplace on the
light that's running off the gas to you
hurt careful with that thing got his
sword out up don't don't sling it around
like that put it back up I'm going to go
show the enclosure that I made there's
the old GMC sitting there all right
generator sounds what quieter now and
it's because
it's actually inside of an enclosure
natural gas line in the power line are
both running through side
just blocks concrete box on there
and the example
he's house coming out of a motorcycle
muffler
I'm gonna actually make a better
enclosure for it but that's what I've
gotten so far